fix comparing versions (#6434)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: requirements/extra.txt

# onnx>=1.7.0
onnxruntime>=1.3.0
hydra-core>=1.0

> # todo: when user standard package stream, drop `fairscale` from hard mocked docs libs

Author: ```suggestion
# todo: when switch to standard package stream, drop `fairscale` from hard mocked docs libs
```
